[KEIICHI pants]
[gasps]
[screams]
[sighs]
[AIKO] Keiichi!
Come on, time to get up!
You look awful!
Are you feeling all right?
I think I have a fever.
Might be a cold.
Uh‐oh. Is it bad?
Can you do school today?
[doorbell dings]
Well, Rena's here.
She probably came to get you
since you were running late.
You need to get ready quick
if you're gonna go.
[KEIICHI]
Sorry, I don't think I am.
That's fine. I'll go
ahead and tell her
that she should head on
to school without you then.
[AIKO]
Stop by the clinic later, okay?
Yeah.
Um, excuse me, sir.
Oh, our apologies, but the
clinic is being remodeled.
Huh? Is that so?
And it'll be a while before
they're open again.
You'll need to find
another clinic for now.
Right. Thanks.
Not sure what other
clinic that'd be.
Kei's here! Nice!
Glad ya didn't die!
Thanks. Not sure why you
sound so surprised, though.
Rena comes in like,
"Keiichi's mom told me
he'd gotten really sick!
I'm so worried! Awoo!" Right?
Come on, that's not what I said!
Plus, how could I
not be worried about you?
Are you feeling
any better now, Keiichi?
Yeah.
You're astoundingly feeble.
Even you shouldn't struggle
this hard with a cold.
Morons don't catch colds.
I bet you've
never had one, right?
Of course I haven't!
I would never
catch such a thing,
unlike a pathetic weakling
like you, dear Keiichi.
Whether you're sick
or just need some help,
I'll be right here
for both of you!
I do not need help!
[RENA]
Oh yeah. Hey, Keiichi!
Uh, Keiichi?
Yeah, sorry.
I kinda spaced out
there for a sec.
Must be the fever.
Seriously. Are you
feelin' all right, Kei?
[KEIICHI] I'm not a hundred
percent, but I'm okay.
Don't worry, guys.
[MION]
If you say so.
I think we should probably
hold off on club, though.
[RIKA]
Keiichi?
Huh? Rika?
So, what's up?
I don't think I've ever seen you
without Satoko at lunch before.
I really wanted to have
this conversation
with you one‐on‐one.
[KEIICHI]
Okay.
I've been wondering.
Are you worried about anything,
or has there been something
bothering you lately?
[KEIICHI] Where'd that
come from all of a sudden?
[RIKA]
You can tell me.
You're trying to hide it,
but I can tell something's got
you really worried, Keiichi.
[KEIICHI]
Rika.
Can we talk about that?
It's Rena.
Lately she's just
been acting weird.
Did Rena say or do
anything to scare you?
[KEIICHI]
It's crazy, right?
She's a close friend, and I care
about her a lot, but...
...sometimes, she...
...she looks at me
with this dead stare,
and her eyes are so cold and
empty, and it does scare me.
"You liar."
If that's what
you're worried about,
it was just one moment, and
you shouldn't get hung up on it.
Maybe it hit you
harder than usual
'cause you were tired
when she said it.
Or maybe some anxiety of yours
is making things seem
worse than they are.
Have you guys been lying
to me about anything
or keeping something
hidden from me?
Rena and Mion have
had my back since I got here,
but I still called
them both out.
You should try
to keep that in mind
if you ever find yourself
feeling scared of Rena again.
So make sure it's not
actually your own troubles
that are making you worry, okay?
My own troubles, huh?
Thanks for that, Rika.
It's exactly what
I needed to hear.
I know you can do it, Keiichi!
Stay strong and
keep your chin up!
Ni‐pa!
[KEIICHI]
I'm home.
Hey, Mom?
[KEIICHI]
And Dad's out too, huh?
So did something bad happen?
Out at the building site.
Like, you know,
an accident, maybe?
Rika really had
that figured out.
Rena was originally from here.
Of course she
wouldn't wanna talk about
a murder that happened
in her hometown.
Why would she
have brought it up?
But I kept pressing anyway.
It's not like she had
anything to do with it.
I acted like I was
owed an explanation.
It makes sense
she'd be uncomfortable.
Of course!
This has to be it!
And the other night when
she showed up at the house,
she wasn't eavesdropping on me.
She must have come to my door,
then heard me on
the phone with Mister Ooishi,
and left because she
didn't wanna interrupt!
I imagined her standing there
peeking through
a crack in the door,
but by then she'd
already come and gone!
Shit!
[ringing]
Hello?
[AIKO]
Keiichi? Hey, it's Mom.
[KEIICHI]
What's up?
[AIKO]
Are you feeling better?
Did you go to the clinic?
[KEIICHI]
Oh yeah, I'm fine.
[AIKO] That's good!
Your father and I had
some work‐related stuff
come up in Tokyo.
Sorry for the late notice,
but we found out
pretty late ourselves.
When is that?
[AIKO]
Oh, we're already here.
Huh?
[AIKO] We won't be coming
home till tomorrow night.
Will you be okay?
[KEIICHI]
Yeah, I'm guessing I'll survive.
[AIKO] Food's already
taken care of, if that helps.
Don't worry about
making your dinner.
What's that mean?
[AIKO] It means you've got a
home‐cooked meal on the way.
She should be there soon!
Who is she?
[AIKO]
Who do you think, silly?
Rena's coming!
[doorbell dings]
‐‐[banging]
‐‐[gasps]
[RENA]
Hey, Keiichi?
Please open the door.
Hey, Rena.
[RENA] Your mom called to tell
me she was going out of town.
She asked me if I would
come and bring you dinner.
Oh. That's a surprise.
She hadn't mentioned it to me.
[RENA] I made a lot so we
would have plenty to share,
so it's heavy.
Can I come in please?
Would you please let me in?
I really appreciate
you doing that.
I just don't have much of an
appetite because of the fever.
[RENA]
But it's super yummy.
And it's nutritious, too.
It'll help you
get over your cold.
I know, your food
is always good.
[banging]
[RENA]
Please don't tease me like this.
Let me in, Keiichi.
Please let me in?
Yeah. Of course.
She's my friend.
Why do I still feel so unsure?
[RENA] Why are you being
so mean to me right now?
Why?
[KEIICHI]
Remember what Rika said before.
This is all in my head.
Rena would never
do anything to hurt me.
She's here to take care of me.
I can trust her!
[screams]
[gasps]
Rena?
I know you can do it, Keiichi!
Stay strong and
keep your chin up!
Ni‐pa!
It's okay.
[sighs]
I'm so glad you
finally opened your door!
Feeling better?
Hold on.
Does that mean
you are feeling better,
or you're hungry, or, uh...
[RENA]
Thanks for having me.
[KEIICHI]
Sure, make yourself at home.
Right now,
it's just me here anyway.
We're all alone?
I'm all alone
with Keiichi! Awoo!
So was all that food supposed
to be for just you and me?
Cuz that's more than
two people's worth.
[RENA giggles] I was just
really worried about you
not having enough
to eat, Keiichi.
Well, I'm glad you came.
If it weren't for you, I'd be
eating a cup of noodles
instead of a nice
home‐cooked meal.
[RENA]
I'll go get everything ready.
Can I unpack it
all in the kitchen?
I can help with that.
It's fine. I'll take care of it.
You go relax and watch
TV until I'm done, 'kay?
If you say so.
The kitchen's there.
Help yourself to
whatever you need.
Great, thank you!
[RANGER]
Long Sword!
Thank you!
[KEIICHI] You and
my mom must be better friends
than I realized if she would
ask you to do all this for me.
[RENA] Yeah. I guess we like
to shop at the same time
because we always run
into each other at the store.
[KEIICHI]
What store?
You mean the Seven Mart?
I go by there all the time,
but I don't think I've
ever seen you.
[RENA]
I've seen you there before,
but I didn't say
anything to you.
You bought ramen.
I think it was
ginger pork flavor.
Wow, really?
Well, if you see me there again,
don't be afraid
to wave to me, okay?
Okay, next ques‐‐
Do we have any clues
as to who killed and
dismembered the victim?
Dammit!
Hey. Since you're here,
I just wanna tell you
I'm sorry about the other day.
[RENA]
What for? Sorry for what?
I know I was out of line,
and I said some things
I shouldn't have.
It was wrong of me
to keep pushing
when it was obvious you weren't
comfortable talking about it.
I totally get why
you were upset.
[RENA]
I don't know what you mean.
Back when we were
at the trash heap.
I brought up that murder.
[gasps]
[RENA]
I have to keep Dad safe.
I have to protect my family.
You'll be the one to die, and
I can be the one to disappear.
Yeah, perfect!
And then Lord Oyashiro's toll
will be paid until next year.
You're talking crazy.
Did you say...
...you're gonna...
I'll kill you,
and the demons will come
and carry me off into the dark.
My dad will be able to go on
living his life here in peace.
Yeah, that'd be best.
Best for everyone, right?
Stop!
[RENA] Because... Lord
Oyashiro's curse has claimed me.
I can't be saved.
For a little while,
I thought I'd been forgiven,
but I was already too far gone.
It's done.
Rena, please, don't come closer!
My soul belongs to Lord Oyashiro
now, and there can be no escape!
[screams]
[KEIICHI]
Rena?
[screams]
[laughs maniacally]
[AIKO gasps]
Keiichi!
[ICHIRO] Oh, thank God.
I'll go get the doctor!
Is she...?
It's okay, so please, just rest.
Is Rena still alive?
Sweetie, you don't need
to think about that right now.
[ICHIRO]
Doc, get in here.
Keiichi just woke up!
Good to see you, Mister Maebara.
I hate to trouble you,
but if you're feeling up to it,
I was hoping
we could talk a bit.
Sure, that's fine.
[OOISHI] I'll try to keep
this as brief as I can.
I would like you tell me what
happened at your house that day,
to the best of your
recollection.
[KEIICHI] Sorry.
I honestly don't think I can.
Do you mean it's hazy
in your memory, or, uh...
It's perfectly clear.
I can't get any of it
out of my head.
I remember how hitting her felt.
[KEIICHI]
That's exactly it.
I remember it all,
and it makes no sense.
Even though I saw it all
happen, I just don't get it.
I have no idea why or how.
[sobs]
I'll be back.
Hang in there, kid.
Hey, haven't seen you in years.
How long has it been, Kei?
Longer than two days, wasn't it?
Yeah, this time it was.
I'm sorry it took me so long
to make it out here for a visit.
There's been a lot going on.
Mion, I have a question,
and I hope you can
give me an honest answer.
[MION]
Sure.
What ended up happening to Rena?
[KEIICHI]
My parents won't tell me.
I keep asking, but everybody
refuses to say anything.
In the end,
they couldn't save her.
It's a miracle they
could save you, Kei.
We're so glad.
'Cause it wasn't just her.
The next day, after the incident
at your house with you and Rena.
They found Rika and Satoko.
What do you mean?
What happened?
Their house on
the shrine grounds.
Someone went there
to check up on them,
and they were both dead.
They'd been killed
with the same knife.
Multiple stab wounds
to their necks.
[KEIICHI]
But they were just kids.
Why would anybody do that?
[MION]
We're not sure.
Police haven't determined if it
was murder or a double suicide.
[KEIICHI]
Suicide?
Why would they want
to kill themselves?
[MION]
Yeah, exactly.
It seems more likely that it
was a robbery gone wrong
or something like that.
[NURSE] Mister Maebara,
it's time for a check‐in.
[MION] Well, I should
get out of the way.
I'll be back soon.
[KEIICHI]
Thank you, Mion.
After everything
that's happened,
you gotta hang in
there, all right?
[NURSE]
Mister Maebara.
Before we get started,
I'm going to need to ask
you about your symptoms.
Symptoms?
For instance,
have you been dealing
with itching around your throat?
[KEIICHI screams]
[RIKA] Next time,
Watadamashi‐hen, Part 1.